Create MIT LICENSE (#33)
hbujakow/hateful_memes_detection: README.md

## Contribution

We welcome contributions to enhance and improve the project. Feel free to open issues, submit pull requests, or reach out to the maintainers for discussion.

## License

> The Memes Analysis project is licensed under the MIT License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
```

Author: fixed
